root@machina:~# cdmx3
root@machina:~/mn3lite# git status
aOn branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

nothing to commit, working tree clean
root@machina:~/mn3lite# adb shell
* daemon not running; starting now at tcp:5037
* daemon started successfully
root@hlte:/ # cat /proc/last_kmesg
/system/bin/sh: cat: /proc/last_kmesg: No such file or directory
1|root@hlte:/ # cat /proc/last_kmsg                                            
sec_dbg_setup: str=@0x10100008
sec_dbg_setup: secdbg_paddr = 0x10100008
sec_dbg_setup: secdbg_size = 0x80000
set_dload_mode <1> ( c0d8255c )
sec_debug_init: enable=0
sec_debug_init:__raw_readl restart_reason=-1337922756
sec_debug_init: restart_reason : 0xfa00a65c
msm_8974_init_gpiomux:2701 socinfo_get_version 20002
msm_gpiomux_install: write failure: status[-22] gpio[-1]
msm_gpiomux_install: write failure: status[-22] gpio[-1]
msm_smem_init: unable to create logging context
msm_smd_init: unable to create SMD logging context
msm_smd_init: unable to create SMSM logging context
msm_thermal:msm_thermal_get_freq_table error reading cpufreq table
AXI: msm_bus_fabric_init_driver(): msm_bus_fabric_init_driver
ION-heap mm: Cannot specify alignment for this type of heap
ION-heap adsp: Cannot specify alignment for this type of heap
Error-Bad Function Input
Error-Bad Function Input
msm_thermal:msm_thermal_get_freq_table error reading cpufreq table
msm_thermal:msm_thermal_get_freq_table error reading cpufreq table
msm_smp2p_init: unable to create log context
smd_tty_log_init: Unable to create IPC log
msm_ipc_router_init: Unable to create IPC logging for IPC RTR
msm_ipc_router_ipc_log_init: Unable to create IPC logging for Req/Resp
msm_ipc_router_ipc_log_init: Unable to create IPC logging for Indications
mdss_mdp_parse_dt_prop_len: Error from prop qcom,mdss-clk-levels : spec error in device tree
mdss_mdp_parse_dt_prop_len: Error from prop qcom,mdss-ad-off : spec error in device tree
mdss_mdp_parse_bootarg: mdss_mdp_parse_bootarg:1647:cmdline panel not set disp_idx=[  (null)]
mdss_panel_parse_dt:3570, esd gpio not specified
mdss_samsung_parse_panel_cmd:3249, Unable to read samsung,panel-mtp-read-cmds
mdss_samsung_parse_panel_cmd:3249, Unable to read qcom,panel-display-unblank-cmds
mdss_samsung_parse_panel_cmd:3249, Unable to read qcom,panel-display-blank-cmds
mdss_samsung_parse_panel_cmd:3249, Unable to read samsung,panel-aid-cmds-list
mdss_samsung_parse_candella_lux_mapping_table:3162, Unable to read table samsung,panel-candella-mapping-table 
mdss_samsung_parse_panel_cmd:3249, Unable to read qcom,panel-touchsensing-on-cmds
mdss_samsung_parse_panel_cmd:3249, Unable to read qcom,panel-touchsensing-off-cmds
dsi_panel_device_register:2121, Disp_en_gpio (421)
dsi_panel_device_register:2411, Disp_te_gpio (12)
dsi_panel_device_register:2460, Disp_rst_gpio (426)
mdss_dsi_pref_prim_panel:can't find panel phandle
mdss_dsi_ctrl_probe: can't find panel node 
mdss_fb_alloc_fbmem_iommu: unable to alloc fbmem size=1f40000
mdss_fb_alloc_fbmem_iommu: unable to alloc fbmem size=0
mdss_fb_alloc_fbmem_iommu: unable to alloc fbmem size=0
sii8240,vcc_1p2v is not exist in device tree
sii8240,vcc_1p8v is not exist in device tree
sii8240,vcc_3p3v is not exist in device tree
sps: BAM device 0xf9944000 is not registered yet.
ramoops: The memory size and the record size must be non-zero
kgsl: adreno_of_read_property: Unable to read 'qcom,pm-qos-latency'
barcode_emul_ice4_hlte: probe complete barcode_emul_probe
sps: BAM device 0xf9904000 is not registered yet.
get_vbus_detect_gpio, cannot get vbus-detect-gpio, ret=-22
conn_gadget_function_init(#) call conn_gadget_setup
cam_dummy_init_module:182
cam_dummy_platform_probe:87
msm_camera_request_gpio_table:547 invalid gpio_tbl   (null) / size 0
msm_camera_request_gpio_table:547 invalid gpio_tbl   (null) / size 0
__msm_jpeg_init:895] Jpeg Device id 0
__msm_jpeg_init:895] Jpeg Device id 1
__msm_jpeg_init:895] Jpeg Device id 2
bluesleep probe
 [BT]
configure input direction
 [BT]
sdhci_msm_populate_pdata: before parsing vendor_type
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
mmc1: id 1
sdhci_msm_populate_pdata: before parsing vendor_type
mmc2: id 3
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
usb_bam_ipa_create_resources: Failed to create USB_PROD resource
max17048_get_current: Fail to get psy (sec-charger)
max17048_get_current_average: Fail to get psy (sec-charger)
max17048_get_current_average: Fail to get psy (battery)
sec-fuelgauge 19-0036: sec_fg_get_atomic_capacity: capacity (old 0 : new 77)
power_supply sec-fuelgauge: driver failed to report `energy_full' property: 4294967274
max17048_get_current: Fail to get psy (sec-charger)
max17048_get_current_average: Fail to get psy (sec-charger)
max17048_get_current_average: Fail to get psy (battery)
sec-fuelgauge 19-0036: sec_fg_get_atomic_capacity: capacity (old 0 : new 77)
power_supply sec-fuelgauge: driver failed to report `energy_full' property: 4294967274
max77803_get_health_state: Fail to get psy (battery)
max77803_get_vbus_state: Fail to get psy (battery)
max77803_get_health_state: Fail to get psy (battery)
max77803_get_vbus_state: Fail to get psy (battery)
bam_dmux_init : unable to create IPC Logging Context
**** secdbg_log or secdbg_paddr is not initialized ****
reg-fixed-voltage regulator-tpd4s214.99: Could not obtain regulator enable GPIO 425: -16
ngd_msm_ctrl fe12f000.slim: error creating ipc_logging context

w1_gpio_msm_probe start
w1_uevent master_dev name = w1_bus_master1
max17048_get_current_average: Fail to get psy (battery)
max17048_rcomp_update: Fail to get psy (battery)
hostwake line change [BT]
bluesleep_sleep_work - uport is null [BT]
init: /init.rc: 532: chown requires 2 arguments
init: /init.rc: 537: chown requires 2 arguments
init: /init.rc: 540: chown requires 2 arguments
init: /init.rc: 545: chown requires 2 arguments
init: /init.rc: 1544: ignored duplicate definition of service 'sensorhubservice'
init: init.carrier.rc: 49: ignored duplicate definition of service 'at_distributor'
init: /init.carrier.rc: 49: ignored duplicate definition of service 'at_distributor'
init: /init.carrier.rc: 77: ignored duplicate definition of service 'scranton_RD'
init: /init.carrier.rc: 88: ignored duplicate definition of service 'ipsec-daemon'
init: invalid line ueventd.rc line for '*/'
init: invalid uid 'fm_radio'
init: invalid line ueventd.rc line for '/*'
w1_uevent master_dev name = w1_bus_master1
power_supply sec-fuelgauge: driver failed to report `energy_full' property: 4294967274
init: could not open /dev/keychord
init: Warning!  Service lpm needs a SELinux domain defined; please fix!
init: cannot find '/charger', disabling 'charger'
init: service 'console' requires console
dwc3 f9200000.dwc3: request e0d1c500 was not queued to ep0out
pil-q6v5-mss fc880000.qcom,mss: mba: Failed to locate mba.mdt
modem_notifier_cb: sysmon_send_event error -19
M-Notify: General: 5
msm_ipc_load_default_node: Failed to load modem
dwc3 f9200000.dwc3: dwc3_otg_init_sm: completion timeout
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_disable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
sdhci_msm_vreg_enable: vdd-io Cannot find Regulator
set_dload_mode <0> ( c0092d28 )
(sec_debug_set_upload_magic) 0
mdss_fb_set_par: Shutdown pending. Aborting operation
Power down.
Powering off the SoC
set_dload_mode <0> ( c0092d58 )
Calling SCM to disable SPMI PMIC arbiter

No errors detected
root@hlte:/ # root@machina:~/mn3lite# 
